All right.
So now that we have two links we have the server it's going to be running if we invoke it.
Now how do we actually configure this with our cloud desktop.
As I told you within the cloud desktop just go back over here.
You have got the settings.
Just go to the settings.
Over here you have got the developers.
Go to the edit configurations and then go to any one of the editor that you have over here.
We're going to be invoking the simple calculator that we have.
So the way I'm going to do it is pretty much exactly the same, like how I did over here.
I'm going to say simple calculator, something like this.
Um, you can name whatever you want it to.
Intelligent.
It tells me that I need to do this.
See, um, you basically need to pass in a command something like that.
And the command is going to be Python, because you remember when you run this particular MCP server
over here, you just said Python.
And then simple calculator is exactly what we have to say over here as well.
So I'm not really deploying this MCP server to any node package or whatsoever.
So it's going to be very, very straightforward to call from your local machine uh MCP server.
Right.
So I'm going to say command is going to be Python three.
And the argument is going to be the calculator.
I don't know where it's getting the path from.
Uh so I'm going to get the full path.
So let's go put on hyper terminal um and copy into here okay.
So we get the path.
So I'm going to copy this particular path.
Um I'm going to close this.
We don't need it.
And I'm going to go here and paste the path.
Right.
The simple calculator Pi.
That's all.
That's it.
This is the installation part.
Once we're done, I'm going to go to the cloud desktop.
We need to restart this.
If not, the settings are not going to be reflected and the server is not going to be visible over here
I'm going to close this.
And now I'm going to start our client which is the cloud desktop.
The moment we start this cloud desktop will go and look for all the configured, uh, servers.
And then it's going to invoke that for you behind the scene.
Now it's already running it for you magic.
If I'm going to go and click this knob, you see that we have got our simple calculator with four tools.
Add numbers, subtract numbers, multiply numbers, and divide numbers.
You have successfully written an MCP server congratulation, which is amazing.
And now I can actually ask the questions over here.
I'm going to say how to add or maybe what's the.
I got so bad.
What's the sum of 20 and 90?
If I do that, you will notice that the cloud desktop is going to invoke our server, which is the ad
server, the simple calculator, and it's going to call the tools add numbers.
This is pretty much exactly the same way how we saw with the long chain, where the AI agent was invoking
things for us.
The same thing over here, we are doing it with the cloud, and the model we are using is not the local
large language model.
Rather we are using the cloud sonnet for right.
So I'm going to say always hello.
So it's going to go and do this thing.
It's going to pass the request automatically.
And then it's going to give the response as 110 which is amazing.
Now I'm going to say I wanted to see the difference between us Um, between 100 or 1008, 90, something
like that.
So this is basically going to be a subtraction, right?
So it should call the uh subtract tool.
So look at that.
So it's the number is coming up always a low.
And it is going to basically perform the subtract operation.
And it's going to give you the result.
So so yeah this is basically the way things are going to work.
So this is how you actually create an MCP server in such an easier fashion.
And this is the power of MCP.
And you've seen how tremendously easy it is to write an MCP server.
If you have got all these concepts digested so far.
Starting our next lecture, we are going to create a bit more complex code, which is basically going
to be a file reader code.
So we are going to see how we can read a file and probably get the details out from it.
So you're going to be basically building a, uh, not really a file reader, to be honest, but it's
going to be pretty much like a directory reader and getting the file informations for you and things
of that nature.
So you can do all of these, uh, using the fast MCP.
And I'm going to do that in our next lecture of this course.